Setting up Tensorflow on Linux
Tensorflow is a popular end-to-end Machine Learning Library from Google whcih supports developing Machine Learning Models and Data Modelling. To setup Tensorflow on Linux you have to ensure that the necessary system requirements and prerequisties are followed:
    • Python 3.5-3.7 should be installed on your System Path. You can check out your Python Version by opening the  terminal and typing in: python –version
    • For Updating python on linux 2.7 to 3.5 run the commands:
        sudo rm /usr/bin/python                      #(to remove old python)
        sudo ln -s /usr/bin/python3 /usr/bin/python  #(to add python3 as default)
    • pip 19.0 or a higher version should be installed which enables to download Third Party Python Packages. You can check out your Python Version by opening the terminal and typing in: pip --version
    • Ubuntu 18.04 (64-bit)
    • GPU Support with a CUDA-enabled Card Once the necessary requirements and prerequisties have been verified, we will know move onto setting up Tensorflow on Linux by creating a Development Environment. For this purpose we are going to use virtualenv which is a tool to create isolated environments where we can install the necessary directories. To install a Virtual Environment, follow the following steps:
    1. Type the Command on terminal: sudo pip3 install virtualenv 
    2.  Check if Virtual Environment has been setup or not by running the following command:virtualenv --version
Since we have installed a Virtual Environment, we will now try to set up a Virtual Environment where we can install Tensorflow:
    1. We will first create a Virtual Environment by making a ./venv directory:  virtualenv venv
    2. Now we will activate the Virtual Environment:source venv/bin/activate
    3. Now we will see what are the list of packages that have already been installed using pip: pip list
    4. Incase the pip version has been depercated, it is advisable to follow these steps to upgrade the pip:  pip install --upgrade pip 
                                                 or           python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip
    5. To install Tensorflow, now type in the command: pip install tensorflow
    6. In case you want to exit the virtual environment you can just type in the command: deactivate
These commands will install Tensorflow on a Linux System with ease using pip. In case you are using an Anaconda Navigator, there are seperate set of commands which are explained here:
	1.
       2.Open terminal and type in the command: conda info This command will display all of the necessary details of Anaconda including the Active Environments and more.
       3.Create an Environment on Conda using the following command: conda create -n [environment-name] Let's say I want to name my environment as "TensorTest" so my command would be: conda create -n tensortest
       4.Now we will activate the command that we have just created: activate tensortest
       5.Now run the following environment that you have just created: conda install tensorflow
Now we have seen how we can install Tensorflow on linux using pip and conda. Now let's verify that we have installed Tensorflow successfully by running a simple Tensorflow Code:
    1. Open the terminal
    2. Type the following command to kickstart a Python Shell: python
    3. Now type the following code:
>>> import tensorflow as tf
>>> output=tf.constant("Hello World")
>>> sess=tf.Session()
>>> print(sess.run(output))
'Hello World'
>>> sess.close()
We will see an output on the terminal screen which will verify that Tensorflow is now up and running on our system.
